you're what's on from MC jeopardy half
man half amazing greg patello this call
I can't find love I can't find love if
there's no love in my life I can't find
out if there's no love in my life I
can't find out if there's no house of my
life I can't run though you'll hand me
the Mike Bell enough to Sam girl I'm
happy to meet you have a fantasy cannot
be a suite on hana see if there's any
need for proof I can be roots to fruit
or the shell toes of your beads red
light fucking v-shaped angle I can be
broken rocks i could be up there I could
be us where I could be our baby baby
baby this world's kind of insane must be
all the haze we've been smoking sit
around the house just thought provoking
waiting for a break and emotion life is
a rollercoaster and a pocket full of
tokens no joke kids this one to ride
this tolls eaten this strong to survive
alive it's a goddamn circus lose your
laughter and the project's worthless I
can see the size of the prize in your
eyes believe me i want the sunrise
didn't die but i'm not going to lean on
you I want to dance let's stand on her
own two I can't come up in my life
lifetime love it there's no love in my
life I can't find up you'll hand me the
mic ticket I don't believe it two halves
of a whole half of a whole is still a
whole I'm wholeheartedly hoping that
your body because part of me wreck it
all to speak like Allah body what I'm
wholeheartedly hoping that your bodily
become part of me you make it hard to
speak like a lobotomy I'm done partying
yummies parted ways I'm hardly amazed
with the walls of things crawling and
Evelin to 30 days for first page Jung
kisses all of the taste we evolved from
show fashion seashells selfish seeking
precious refills the hottest girls are
the worst in bed we know that Apple who
wants to stop proving it I'm going back
to what I knew before a new shit in a
sense enhance makes
music I figured it out you can't make me
happy and I can't make you happy no
evoke laughing I'm a fan of the
interlocking ring theory don't bring a
bro thing near me clearly will pass
through the racks a pack and cracked rd
crackheads looking for sex and I'm sick
of these very well melted the good night
fairy tales sold at bedtime what most
people call love nothing but in